DAN (VOICEOVER): After the Gundalians hijacked Bakugan
Interspace and forced us out, things
took a turn for the worse in the battle for Neathia.
We decided to join Fabia as she returned home so we
could help with the fight.
Once we got there, we were made members of the Castle Knights.
Now earth and Neathia were united in the struggle
to keep Barodius from stealing the Sacred Orb.
Lucky for us, we have the most powerful Bakugan, Dragonoid
Colossus, on our side.
Now, Drago.
Bakugan brawl!
[THEME - DANIEL LEBLANC & CREIGHTON DOANE,
\"TWO WORLDS COLLIDE\"]
THEME SONG: What are you gonna do?
The odds are stacked against you.
Back against the wall.
Gotta give it your all.
This is the final stand.
The power's in your hands.
Two worlds collide on the inside.
You gotta fight for what's right before it's gone, gone, gone.
This is Bakugan.
[intense music]
Hey!
Ah!
Leave her alone.
Huh?
Barodius!
CODE EVE (VOICEOVER): Greetings.
I am Code Eve.
The mother light of all Bakugan.
[theme music]
DAN (VOICEOVER): Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Destiny Revealed.\"
Code Eve, huh?
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): Yes, that is what she said.
Why am I feeling so uneasy and on edge?
It's strange, but I've had this feeling before.
CODE EVE (VOICEOVER): I am the light force
inside the Sacred Orb.
What?
Does this mean the Sacred Orb is just
a shell for the true power?
CODE EVE (VOICEOVER): In the beginning
there were two dragons, one of fire, one of darkness,
Dragonoid and Dharaknoid, and their DNA was comprised
of genetic material from the most powerful living
organism, the Ultimate Warrior.
So Nurzak's ramblings were true.
DHARAK (VOICEOVER): Quiet.
Let her speak.
CODE EVE (VOICEOVER): Unfortunately, the powers
of the original two were too strong
and caused the dimension to split into two.
The force of the separation caused some residual energy
to scatter, which led to a different kind of creation.
Isn't that--
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): New Vestroia.
CODE EVE (VOICEOVER): The dimension
in which Dragonoid lived quickly separated into six
distinct attribute worlds.
The dimension in which Dharaknoid lived
saw the creation of only two worlds.
Of course.
Neathia and Gundalia.
CODE EVE (VOICEOVER): In the millennia that followed,
each dimension created their own origin legends as they built
their respective histories.
As more and more time passed, it seemed
that the original two were destined to never meet again.
That is, until Princess Fabia of Neathia
sent out a distress call for help
in fighting off Gundalian invaders,
and the Battle Brawlers responded.
This led to the eventual meeting of Drago and Dharak,
the two Bakugan who inherited the original Bakugan DNA.
Because they both possess the genes of the original Bakugan,
I was instantly concerned.
If they were to engage in battle there was a strong possibility
that they would split the dimension again,
just like their ancestors had.
This is why I continually intervened and attempted
to keep them from battling, but then the war between Gundalia
and Neathia came to a head and the forbidden power
possessed by the dark Bakugan was unleashed.
It caused tremendous devastation and nearly destroyed Neathia.
The simple fact is that Drago and Dharak have both
been endowed with the powers of the Ultimate Warrior,
yet they exist on the opposite ends of the spectrum,
just like shadow and light.
I understand now that trying to keep them separated
would be fighting the inevitable.
That Drago and Dharak should meet in battle
is their destiny, just as it is your destiny, Dan and Barodius.
Your fates are all inextricably linked.
Seriously?
Impossible.
CODE EVE (VOICEOVER): Battlers and their partner
Bakugan are connected by a bond, known as the Switch Code.
While Bakugan can fight with any battlers,
it is only their partners who hold the Switch Code that
can maximize their potential.
This is why, Dan, you hold the Switch
Code for Drago and Barodius you hold that for Dharak.
Just as Drago and Dharak were destined to battle,
Dan and Barodius were destined to be
their partners along the way.
I always knew it.
For generations the Gundalian royal family
has been aware of the bond between battlers
and their Bakugan, only we called it, The Solidarity.
CODE EVE (VOICEOVER): Dan, I believe
on earth you would commonly refer
to such a thing as friendship.
Whatever it is--
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): We're connected.
CODE EVE (VOICEOVER): Be that as it may,
I cannot allow your collective destinies
to endanger any more innocents.
That is why I have decided that your final battle will be
fought in a middle dimension, where no one else can
get caught in the crossfire.
This is the battle that will end the war
between Gundalia and Neathia.
Does everyone understand what I am telling them?
100%.
Absolutely.
[grunts]
CODE EVE (VOICEOVER): The winner of this battle
will take control of all the Bakugan,
so make sure that you don't hold anything back.
Game on, gentlemen.
OK.
Let's do this!
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan scan.
This is for all the marbles.
Pyrus Blitz Dragonoid!
Bakugan brawl.
Bakugan scan.
Rise Darkus Phantom Dharak.
DHARAK (VOICEOVER): [roars]
BARODIUS: Evil Bind.
Darkness Shaker.
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): Ah!
Ahh!
Drago!
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): [grunts]
BARODIUS: High Skewed Shaker!
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): Ah!
Ready, Dan?
Now, Drago!
Dual Barnum!
DHARAK (VOICEOVER): [grunts]
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): Particle Buster!
DHARAK (VOICEOVER): Is that the best you can do?
Tempest Shield!
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): You haven't seen anything yet.
[roars] Grr.
Ah!
DHARAK (VOICEOVER): [roars]
Finish him!
Blitz Hammer!
Get up, Dharak.
Barrow Laia.
[grunting]
BARODIUS: Once we have control of the Bakugan,
the entire universe will be at our feet.
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): [grunts]
Your problem, Dan, is that you have no vision, no master plan.
You just want to be a good guy, which
is why having command of all Bakugan is wasted on you.
I on the other hand, am a completely different story.
DHARAK (VOICEOVER): [grunts] Grr!
A boy like you can never be king, not ever.
As long as I'm alive, you'll never take
the power of the Sacred Orb.
That's a lot of tough talk.
Let's see if you can back it up, pal.
DHARAK (VOICEOVER): Exodus Shaker!
[roars]
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): Spire Dragon [roars]
[groaning]
DAN: Drago!
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): [grunts]
BARODIUS: Dharak!
DHARAK (VOICEOVER): [grunts]
Drago, you gotta get up, pal.
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): [moans]
Ah!
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): [moans] I'll be OK.
DHARAK (VOICEOVER): Chaos Magnalia!
You're going down, Drago!
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): Ahh!
[groans in pain]
Ah!
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): [groans]
Drago!
[battle music]
BARODIUS (VOICEOVER): The power of the Sacred Orb
will finally be mine, Dharak.
[battle music]
DAN (VOICEOVER): Drago, you can't let them win this, buddy.
[moaning] Huh?
Huh?
LINEHALT (VOICEOVER): This isn't what we wanted.
The life we wanted to live in the sunshine, this is not it,
not even close.
Linehalt.
LINEHALT (VOICEOVER): I think I finally
understand what I'm supposed to use my forbidden power for.
[powerful music]
Oh!
LINEHALT (VOICEOVER): [roars] [loudly roars]
[breathing heavily]
[chime]
[distant roar]
[moans] Huh!
[moans]
Huh?
ARANAUT (VOICEOVER): Princess.
HAWKTOR (VOICEOVER): You OK, Shun?
I'm fine.
COREDEM (VOICE OVER): It's so bright!
Yeah, really bright.
AKWIMOS (VOICEOVER): Somethings happening I
can feel my spirit coming back.
So is the battle over?
LINEHALT (VOICEOVER): [roars]
Drago!
Drago, come on, buddy.
Ha!
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan scan.
DHARAK (VOICEOVER): [roars]
Drago, talk to me, man.
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): Let's go get Dharak.
Ah!
OK, pal, let's get these guys.
Bakugan brawl.
Bakugan scan.
I'm going to make you hurt, Dharak.
Now, Dharak.
Lavolta!
DHARAK (VOICEOVER): I've been looking
forward to this for so long.
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): [screams in pain]
Drago!
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): [growls] Is that all you've got?
Don't make me laugh.
Ah!
[grunting]
Oh!
Watch out!
[grunting]
DHARAK (VOICEOVER): What?
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): Must destroy Dharak.
Oh, Drago!
What's wrong with you, pal?
Oh, I guess you got your bell rung pretty
hard with that last shot.
It must have scrambled something inside your head
because you're fighting on pure instinct now.
Drago!
Playtime is over, Dharak.
Put Drago out of his misery.
DHARAK (VOICEOVER): With pleasure.
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): Ahh!
[grunts] Drago!
Come on, buddy.
You gotta get up.
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): [groans]
DAN: Ah!
That's it.
You can do it.
Nice and easy.
Wonderful.
Why don't you take them both out with your next shot, Dharak?
DHARAK (VOICEOVER): I could do this all day.
Chaos Magnalia!
Buddy!
You really gotta wake up.
DHARAK (VOICEOVER): [roars]
Wake up!
Drago!
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): [moans] Who's calling me?
I'm so tired.
I just wanna sleep just a little while longer.
DAN: Drago!
Drago!
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): Please, just a few more minutes.
DAN: Drago! DRAGO (VOICEOVER): Huh?
Wait a minute.
That's Dan!
[battle music]
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): Blitz Hammer!
Ha!
What?
DHARAK (VOICEOVER): That's impossible.
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): [growls]
Believe it suckers.
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): Dan.
You had me scared for a minute.
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): Sorry, but I'm back now, thanks to you.
Ability activate!
Blitz Superior!
DHARAK (VOICEOVER): Stubborn children.
Tempest Shield!
[groans]
[growls]
Yeah!
You will never take me.
I just did, creep.
Bakugan brawl.
Bakugan scan.
[roaring]
BARODIUS: Thunder Gladiator!
DHARAK (VOICEOVER): Photon Gladiator!
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): Blitz Reflector!
[explosion]
[growls]
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): Spire Dragon!
DHARAK (VOICEOVER): [moans in pain]
You are one tough cookie, Drago.
Fools!
It's a little too soon to be congratulating yourselves.
DHARAK (VOICEOVER): Hyper Guns End!
[roars]
Let's go!
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): Blitz Superior!
[crackling sounds]
DHARAK (VOICEOVER): [grunts]
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): [groans]
DHARAK (VOICEOVER): [screams]
Dharak!
DHARAK (VOICEOVER): Drago!
CODE EVE (VOICEOVER): Battle over.
Whoa.
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): We did it.
DHARAK (VOICEOVER): I can't believe I lost.
This is an outrage.
NURZAK: My, my.
How the mighty have fallen, Baronius.
[growls] [grunts] Get back you insolent fools.
You cannot keep the power of the Sacred Orb from me.
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan scan!
DHARAK (VOICEOVER): [roars]
Castle Knights, fall back and protect Queen Serena.
NURZAK: Have you no shame, Barodius?
Can you not accept defeat in a dignified fashion?
Be quiet.
Dharak, it is time we take what is ours.
DHARAK (VOICEOVER): I couldn't agree more.
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): Dan?
I'm with you.
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan scan.
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): [growls]
DHARAK (VOICEOVER): [roars]
DHARAK (VOICEOVER): Yes.
I can feel it's mighty power filling me up inside.
It's like Code Eve said, Dan.
You can't fight destiny.
[evil laugh]
Grr.
[maniacal laugh] Huh?
What's happening?
DHARAK (VOICEOVER): The power, it won't stop.
It just keeps coming.
I don't know if I can take any more!
[screaming]
DAN: Drago!
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): Dan!
CODE EVE (VOICEOVER): Congratulations, gentlemen.
You were victorious in your battle
against Barodius and Dharak.
Now, as promised, I would bestow my powers onto you.
Use them wisely.
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): [roars]
CODE EVE (VOICEOVER): May I present, Titanium Dragonoid.
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): [moans] [groans] [roars]
You just evolved again!
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): I know.
I feel incredible.
CODE EVE (VOICEOVER): Now you rule the entire Bakugan race.
Wow, that's some responsibility.
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): I never entered into this war
to become a ruler.
Neither did I. The Brawlers have only ever wanted peace
for our friends the Bakugan.
We don't need to rule them, you see.
We just wanna live in harmony beside them, just
as all good friends should.
CODE EVE (VOICEOVER): I understand.
Your decision is a noble one and I respect it greatly.
[energy beam]
It's so hard to believe that the war is finally over
and that peace has once again returned to our homeland,
but with so much devastation it will be a while before things
are back to normal.
Nah, I bet things will get back on track.
You're right, Dan.
It makes me hopeful seeing everyone so happy again.
Does this mean you're leaving?
Well, we did finish what we came to do.
Then I guess this is farewell.
I guess.
[gentle music playing]
DAN: Be cool, Ren.
REN: I will.
Take care of yourself, friend.
Thanks again for everything.
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): I'm sure we'll meet again, Linehalt.
Now that the royal family and its supporters
have been defeated, I shall return to Gundalia
to form a new government, one that
will only have friendly relations
with its neighboring planet.
That is, if you will permit it, Queen Serena.
Of course.
I think this war has taught us all a valuable lesson
about the importance of peace.
LINEHALT (VOICEOVER): Ren, now that I'm a Castle Knight, I
would like to remain here on Neathia
so that I may continue to serve.
I promise I'll take good care of him.
OK.
Marucho, I'll never forget you my friend.
I won't forget you either, buddy.
Take care.
You too.
And so, I bid you all adieu, Battle Brawlers.
[transport beams]
[ships blast]
Well, I guess that's our cue then, Akwimos.
AKWIMOS (VOICEOVER): Yeah, sure looks like it.
I, uh--
AKWIMOS (VOICEOVER): I'm going to miss you.
You're the peanut butter to my jelly.
Cool as the rule, dude.
It was an honor to battle alongside a fine warrior
like you, Hawktor.
HAWKTOR (VOICEOVER): I learned a great deal in my time
with you, Shun.
Thank you for everything.
I promised myself I wasn't gonna do this!
Oh man, I'm really gonna miss you, dude.
A guy never forgets his first Bakugan.
Just promise me you won't forget me either because that
would bust me up inside.
[sobs]
COREDEM (VOICE OVER): OK, take it easy.
I promise.
You're a solid dude, Jake.
Take care of yourself.
ARANAUT (VOICEOVER): Shall I send them off, princess?
Yes, I'd appreciate that Aranaut.
Dan, thanks to you and the Brawlers
we have peace once again.
Thank you for everything you've done for us.
We are forever in your debt.
No sweat, guys.
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): That's what friends are for.
[transport beams]
I really miss Dan and the others.
I wonder how they're doing.
Yeah, oh, I know.
I hope they're OK.
He hasn't even called his own mother, huh.
But I guess I should be used to that.
Oh, my goodness.
Where has the day gone?
I have to get home and fix dinner.
See you later, hon.
Bye Mrs. Kuso.
I wonder what I should make.
DAN: Hey, mom!
Huh?
We're back!
Daniel?
Oh!
[giggles] Hey, guys!
[laughs]
MARUCHO: Did you miss us?
Mom, I'm home!
Of course we did, but only a little.
Ha!
[laughs]
[battle music]
ANNOUNCER: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen,
the Bakugan battle between Dan Kuso and Koji Beetle
will now commence.
So you're the famous Dan Kuso, huh.
I've always wanted to fight you, pal.
Actually, we already have, buddy.
DRAGO (VOICEOVER): He's not going to remember that.
Huh?
What did you say?
I was just saying, good luck!
ANNOUNCER: Bakugan Field, open!
[grunts] Bakugan brawl!
[theme music]